                              AK360
                         Virtual Keyboard
                          Version 1.0.1
                     
What is it?
-----------

The AK360 is an innovative virtual keyboard enabling to type all
alphanumeric characters only by using a standard gamepad's analog
sticks. It was build as an alternative software solution of the 
virtual keyboard currently used by gaming consoles. The main aim 
of the release is to involve gamers and enthusiasts across the
world into the testing of it and at the same time to collect a
relevant statistics about its usage.


Requirements
------------

To be able use this program is required a gamepad with two
functional analog sticks. Try to calibrate your gamepad
properly first. It is recommended to use original PlayStation or
XBox gamepad. If the program recoginses your gamepad, you will be
able to freely type and control your OS.


Controls
--------

To type use left and right analog stick and a combination of them
both. PRESS Button 10 (or Start button) open Menu. Menu contains
section Stats, Option and Controls, where are defined all
functions for each button in schemes.


Statistics
----------

In the Stats section can be found Current and Overall statistics
refering to your writing. There is measured speed, number of used
chars and keys. Every single statistic record is written also in
the file "Stats.txt" from a root directory.

After sucessfull ending of the program, new statistic will be
sent to out to be analysed. Data sent to the server contains ONLY
calculated statistics, but definetely NOT a content of the
writing. Therefore DO NOT PREVENT this program from sending 
statistic data.


License
-------

2012 Stanislav Kohut. Program is free and opne-source.

Distribution of this program must be free and in original form.
Every effort has been made to ensure that no problems occur with
its usage, but the author makes no warranties about it and
accepts no responsibility for any data loss or other system
trouble that may occur from its usage.


Contact
-------

For bug reporting, feature requests or anything else concerning
the AK360 keyboard use this contact:

e-mail: kohut.stanislav@gmail.com
twitter: @StanislavKohut
blog: http://stanyko.posterous.com

Fixed
-----

Version 1.0.1 - fixed bug with gamepads with a differend number of buttons
	            - added feature to change controls directly in a file "Option_button.txt" from root directory  